Edge Server: Add findAndModify command (#726)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/edge-server/mongodb.txt

  ``collection.updateOne()`` method.
- You can update multiple documents in a collection using the
  ``collection.updateMany()`` method.

> - You can find and update a document or documents in a collection using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can find and update one or more documents in a collection using the
```
[nit]
